{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 PositionsDialog:\par
Option positions aren't showing up in the Positions list (done?)\par
\par
What happens when option isn't defined, but there are positions?\par
What happens when stock isn't defined, but the option and some option positions are?\par
\par
Try to get context menus working over the positions list...\par
\par
StockDefinitionDialog:\par
\par
BondDefinitionDialog:\par
// 1) Isn't setting the default value of coupons per year to 2 (done)\par
2) Bonds that sell at a premium produce strange yield to maturity values\par
// 3) Reload yield values are 100x too big (done)\par
\par
Bond:\par
countDays() is inaccurate for ActualActual.  Needs to be calculated manually.\par
This might be fixed already - check the result...\par
\par
BondPositionDialog (now handled by PositionsDialog):\par
DeleteOrModifyPosition() needs work on computation of aggregate coupons, present value, and effective yield... (done already?)\par
\par
Fix computation of % yield so that it doesn't turn the dates around...   is this done ???\par
\par
BondDefinitionDialog:\par
1) Imputed Yield doesn't work when there are no coupons, doesn't respond to changes in same.\par
2) Dialog is locking up when the coupon rate is > 0, but there are no coupons.\par
\par
RateCurveEstimator ...\par
// 1) spotRate is being multiplied by 100 when the dialog is closed and opened again. (done)\par
2) The 1yr, 7yr and 15yr rates are coming up as user supplied, even when they are not.\par
// 3) The 7yr rate is also being divided by 100 when the dialog is closed and reopened. (done)\par
\par
Architecture:\par
// Separate stock definitions from positions in the document architecture\par
\par
CArithEdit class...\par
12) Create an arithmetic expression parser for numeric CEdit boxes\par
\par
Server:\par
write a robot to mine issue definitions from finance.yahoo.com\par
\par
CBitArray::store() expects numBits to be set already (as it should be)\par
--------------------------------------------------------------\par
StockPosition dialog...\par
work?\par
12) Replace ordinary CEdit boxes with CArithEdit boxes for Shares and TotalCost on the 'Positions' dialogs\par
 5) Need to save column widths in user's .ini file or the registry.\par
 6) Need to save column order array in user's .ini file or the registry.\par
\par
Put-Call Parity dialog (killed)\par
1) When Stock is selected, if there is just one put, or one call, or a put-call parity pair (where the strikes and expiry dates match), load the appropriate option values.  If there is more than one pair and there is a pair that is nearest the money, select that pair.\par
2) When a call or put option is selected, if there is a matching put or call, load the matching option too.\par
\par
OptionAnalyzerDialog...\par
1) Changed COption member attribute useAnalyticalValue into a document attribute.\tab\tab Verify\par
2) Changed CStock member attribute incDivInReturn into a document attribute.\tab\tab\tab Verify\par
3) Implied Volatility\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Verify\par
4) Finish the implementation of the AmericanOption check box.  Add it to the document (later to move into a preferences file) and load it before posting the dialog. (killed)\par
5) Fix the trivariate normal integral computation (ams.org, incoming books at Daley)\par
6) verify Geske-Johnson (Put) pricing.  Currently producing complex values going into bivarNormIntegral() (killed)\par
8) Use a better approach to selecting the option symbol?  e.g. a ComboBox\par
\par
Application Level:\par
1) Move display preferences into a file separate from the stocks, bonds, and options...\par
2) Use the display preferences from the document in the initial stock, bond & options positions dialogs ?\par
\par
Notes:\par
Optimal Exercise Boundary !!!  Matlab first\par
Never exercise an American Put when the rfr = 0.\par
Never exercise an American Call when the divYield = 0.\par
American Puts (GeskeJohnson, Carr, Broadie-Detemple?):\par
Can't post the Option Analyzer dialog without throwing an ASSERT in wincore.  Is this still happening???  GJ is producing complex probabilities (possibly due to evaluating log() with a negative parameter) which bivarNormIntegral chokes on.\par
\par
All dialogs with options.  Consider changing from option symbol selector to edit style drop-down to allow for option name change where appropriate?\par
\par
Stocks\par
1) Should we try to account for non-trading days in dayBefore()?\par
2) Verify lastDivB4Date\par
3) Rewrite curYield() to iterate toward a continuous yield rate (use findXgivenY ???)\par
4) Wrote fracYears, but aren't using it anywhere!!!\par
\par
Bonds...\par
1) Should we reduce \{imputed yield, profit, return\} by coupon liability on definition and evaluation dialogs\par
2) Don't upcase the 'symbol'?\par
\par
Options ...\par
1) Verify RollGeskeWaley\par
2) Verify GeskeJohnson\par
3) Verify impliedVolaility\par
4) Verify findSstar() somehow\par
\par
Global...\par
1) Verify findXgivenY()\par
\par
StockValueDialog...\par
1) Compute Next Dividend Date\par
\par
OptionValueDialog...\par
1) Compute Next Dividend Date\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------\par
StockPosition dialog...\par
11) Fix crash in ColumnClick (or Sort)\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
4) Need additional adjustments to the initial column widths in the PositionsList\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
9) OnEnter() needs to gate calling loadColumnTotals by dspOptns->purchaseDate\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
6) Add an "Enter" button, so the dialog doesn't have to be closed and reopened to enter a position.\tab DONE\par
7) if yield >= 1000, drop the fractional digits\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
1) % yield is coming out WAY TOO HIGH, e.g. 200,000 when it should be 0.200\tab\tab Seems okay now.\par
3) Need to develop a policy for preventing addition of the same position twice - once with the enter button and once when the dialog closes (IDOK).\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
0) Create total cost when both stock and number of shares is known, insert it from killfocusSymbol and killfocusShares\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
\par
PutCallParityDialog:  \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Verified\par
Implied Volatility Dialog:\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Canceled\par
Adapt rate estimator code to implied volatility using pseudoinverse...  Save all put/call strike/expiry combos under made up names to save definition time later.\par
\par
Bonds...\par
Rewrite imputedYield using global (NillaHedge.cpp) findXgivenY()\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
\par
American Calls (RollGeskeWhaley): \par
Ensure that code agrees with Matlab version\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
\par
findSstar:\par
Import the Matlab version\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
\par
BondDialog:\par
2) Need to account for dayCounting in aggCpnCostBondsRet ?\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
Try selecting the coupons per year to show that its the current control\tab\tab DONE\par
Change Coupon from $ to %.\par
Tab order to include radio buttons\par
\par
Tabled:  Investigate QuadrivariateNormalIntegrals for a modified GJ AmerPut (for Chang, Chung, Stapleton)\par
\par
BondDialog:Format/Echo Volatility back\par
BondDialog:Format/Echo Coupon rate back\par
Why is AmerVal and EuroVal the same????\par
Is the exercise asymptote accurate for Calls???\par
find the real Exercise Boundary (rather than the asymptote) ???\par
\par
Need a new COption::impliedVolatility(), Wilmott's is unstable!\tab\tab\tab DONE\par
\par
OptionAnalyzerDialog::updateControls does not properly set IDC_StrikePriceResult\par
develop more sophisticated annual yield model in CStock::equivYield( void ) and aggDivCostReturn ???\par
Access violation in posting the AnalyticalAssessmentDialog (this may be a costructor syntax problem) (fixed ???)\par
Select all of Option Price in the OptionValueDialog when we transfer the focus from OptionSymbol (fixed???)\par
StockSymbol not getting initial focus when StockDefinitionDialog is posted (fixed???)\par
MainFrame posts of dialogs need to capture variables from both ValueDialogs (fixed???)\par
initial dividend dates are not working in the StockDefinionDialog (fixed)\par
Add function to OptionPositionDialog to format value of Options to three decimal places (fixed)\par
See if similar function is in StockPositionDialog for Shares (okay)\par
}
 